# Restaurant Reviews Project
This is my project for Udacity's Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree Program.

[view project in browser](https://hanny21.github.io/restaurant_reviews/)

## Project Overview
For this project Udacity provided [STARTER CODE](https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1). The goal is to take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. Finally also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for your users.

* Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
* Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags.
* Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS.
* Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes.
* Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device.
* Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
* Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.

## How to run the project locally
1. Download the code.
2. Install Python, if you do not have it already installed.
3. Launch a local client server using Python from your terminal. \
Python2: `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` \
Python3: `python -m http.server 8000` or `python3 -m http.server 8000` (use python3 in case you have both versions installed)
4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:8000`
